(theme music playing)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
DOC: ♪ Hey. it's Doc
And we're here again ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ Gonna get together
With all my friends ♪
♪ Join us and remember when we sang ♪
♪ Time for your checkup.
Time for your checkup ♪
DOC: ♪ Lambie. Hallie. and Stuffy too ♪
♪ Chilly's here. now we just need you ♪
♪ To start this party ♪
♪ And once we do we'll be... ♪
♪ So much better ♪
♪ Hey... hey... ♪
♪ We've got so much to celebrate ♪
♪ Have a happy. healthy every day ♪
♪ The toys we've fixed ♪
♪ The pets we've saved ♪
♪ From my backyard to outer space ♪
♪ And now we're back again ♪
♪ The Doc is Ten ♪
(giggling)
Hi. everybody! Doc McStuffins here.
I'm so glad you could join us.
because today is a super fun
and special day...
It's my birthday!
It's her birthday.
The only thing is.
I'm not sure what to do
for my birthday party.
Do you have any ideas?
You do? Then maybe you can help me!
I know that with the help of my friends.
this is going to be the best party ever!
(giggling) Oh. there's something
I forgot to tell you.
We have a special phrase today.
Whenever someone says.
"best party ever"...
(giggles)
That happens!
(cheering)
Okay. who's got a good idea
to help us get this party started?
(ringing)
That sounds like I'm getting a video call.
Oh. look! It's my friend Emery! Hi. Emery!
Hi. Doc! I got here as fast as I could.
-I heard you need some help.
-DOC: I sure do!
I could use some ideas for this party.
Hmm. My diagnosis?
Oh. you have I'm-All-Out-Of-Ideas-itosis.
DOC: Hey. you sound just like me!
-(giggles)
-Well. "Doc".
do you have any ideas
that might help us?
Yep! For my last birthday.
I had all my friends over for a party!
DOC: That's a great idea!
You can't have a party without friends.
My mom and I
made the invitations ourselves.
I drew the pictures.
and mom helped me send them to everyone.
Oh. look!
There's me zip lining. and a unicorn.
And those are some friends that I invited.
-Invite your friends.
-Got it.
EMERY: We played games
and had birthday cake.
Oh. we even had a bounce house!
We jumped all around...
like this.
Oh. and even like this!
DOC: Nice moves!
My friend Boppy lives in a bounce house.
DOC: You know that reminds me
of the time we all went there
to celebrate his birthday.
(laughing)
(playful music playing)
Wow. just like my party!
But Mommy said we had to take
turns in the bounce house
and be careful not to bump
into each other.
We made a game out of it!
Your mom sounds really smart.
And so do you!
My friends weren't very careful
and got a little hurt.
(screaming. grunts)
Aww. poor Chilly!
Was everyone okay?
DOC: After a quick visit to the clinic.
everyone was just fine.
Then we learned the safe way to bounce!
ALL: ♪ Bye-bye. bouncy boo-boos ♪
♪ Jump and have fun
Just follow the rules ♪
♪ Bounce and bounce
Without a single ouch ♪
♪ If you remember the don'ts and do's ♪
♪ Step one. have fun ♪
HALLIE: ♪ Two. no shoes ♪
♪ Three. be aware of what's around you ♪
♪ Four. leave hard things at the door ♪
ALL: ♪ Step five. bounce higher
Than ever before ♪
♪ Bye-bye. bouncy boo-boos ♪
♪ Jump and have fun.
Just follow the rules ♪
♪ Bounce and bounce
Without a single ouch ♪
♪ Bye-bye-bye ♪
♪ Bouncy boo-boos ♪
DOC: Once we learned
how to bounce safely.
we had a great time together.
(whooping. laughing)
Me too! I had so much fun
playing with my friends.
It was the best party ever!
Wow!
You said the special phrase!
-So cool!
-(giggles)
Thank you for the great ideas. Emery.
Hey. I'm inviting all my friends
to my birthday party.
You wanna come too?
Yes. yes. yes. yes. Yes!
(chuckles)
I'll take that as a "Yes."
See you at the party!
Someone's calling on the "toysponder."
Maybe they can help me
with more ideas for the party!
-Hi. Doc!
-DOC: Hey. Madison!
Andrew. she's here!
Come say hi to Doc McStufffins!
(panting) Hi. Doc.
How's it's going?
I'm fine. Andrew.
but I can hear that breathing.
and it doesn't sound too good.
Andrew has asthma.
He sometime she has trouble breathing.
When I play hard. my chest gets tight
and it's harder to breathe.
DOC: Maybe you should take a break.
My mom's a doctor.
and she says it always helps
to stop and rest.
(panting) That's what our mom says too.
And so does our doctor.
But Andrew never listens!
It's just so hard to stop having fun!
When we're having trouble breathing.
it's important to slow down
and just breathe.
I remember when my friend Winnie
had a very similar problem.
Wait 'till you see this.
Um. Winnie. maybe you shouldn't do that.
(inhales deeply. blowing)
Oh. my!
(exhales sharply) That's weird.
(blows. coughs)
This has never happened before.
(panting)
Don't worry. Winnie. I'll fix you.
But first. I need you to stay calm.
♪ Take three breaths ♪
♪ Deep and slow ♪
♪ Tell a grownup who knows ♪
♪ How to keep you calm ♪
ALL:
♪ If you're sneezy and you're wheezy ♪
♪ Your breathing won't come easy ♪
♪ Stay calm and cool if you feel panicky ♪
ALL: ♪ If your breath has trouble moving ♪
♪ Slowing down can be so soothing ♪
♪ Breathe long and deep
On one. two. three ♪
♪ Until it's easier to breathe ♪
(breathes heavily)
Thanks. Doc.
I'm feeling a little bit better.
(blows)
You did it!
(cheering)
(breathes heavily)
Hey. it worked.
I can breathe easier now.
Thanks. Doc!
I'll remember that for next time!
All in a day's work.
Hey Doc.
while you were telling us about Winnie.
I thought of something
for your party. balloons.
Balloons! That's an amazing idea!
Now that I can breathe better.
I can help you blow the balloons up!
Me too!
That would be a huge help!
You're both invited.
DOC: And I'm adding you
to my Big Book of Birthday Buddies!
-All right!
-All right! Yeah!
See you at the party!
Balloons. bounce house.
and lots of friends.
I've got so many great ideas
for our party now!
But I just got a message
from my friend Aryana.
who says she has
another great idea for us.
Hi. Aryana!
Hi. Aryana's Mom and Dad!
Hi. Doc!
I can't believe
we're talking to the one and only.
Doc McStuffins!
Is it really you?
(chuckles) It's really me!
And I can't wait to hear
your idea for our party.
Well. my best friend just invited me
to a birthday party sleepover.
A sleepover! Why didn't I think of that?
You know. we once had
a sleepover with all my friends
right here in this bedroom.
Who's ready for our big sleepover party?
We are!
(grunts) Oh. I love sleepover parties!
How do you all like
my fancy-pantsy new pajamas?
Lambie. those are prettier
than pumpkin pie!
(scoffs) I know!
What are we gonna do at the party. Doc?
We're gonna play games. tell stories...
(gasps) sleep in sleeping bags...
And have a pajama fashion show?
Sure! (giggles)
And I have a surprise.
Someone special is coming to our party!
DOC: I'll give you a hint.
He's really brave!
It must be me!
Sorry. Stuffy.
It's...
Aha!
-(Lambie gasps)
-CHILLY: Sir Kirby!
Yes! 'Tis I. Sir Kirby.
the bravest knight
in all of McStuffins kingdom!
I wish I could be brave like Sir Kirby.
What do you mean?
She's a little worried
about her friend's sleepover party.
You see. sometimes Aryana
gets afraid of the dark.
DOC: Hmm. Is that right. Aryana?
You sound just like
the brave knight Sir Kirby!
I do? How?
DOC: On the night of our sleepover.
Sir Kirby started acting kinda nervous.
And he got really shaky
every time we turned out the lights.
Sir Kirby.
your heart is beating really fast.
That's why you're so sweaty.
Sometimes. when someone is breathing fast
and shaking and sweating.
it means they're scared.
Is there anything you're scared of?
Me? Scared?
Need I remind you that I am Sir Kirby.
the bravest knight
in all of McStuffins kingdom!
Why. I have fought dragons.
saved princesses.
and conquered evil kings!
And that's all so amazing.
but have you ever been scared?
(whispering) The truth is. Doc.
when it's very dark.
I always feel like this.
shaky and sweaty.
I think I am scared.
I think so. too.
I have a diagnosis.
You. sir. have a severe case
of The DarkWillies.
It means you're afraid of the dark.
Now. to know how to treat you.
I need to know exactly
what caused your DarkWillies.
Was there something you saw
that scared you when the lights went out?
Well. yes.
When the darkness fell.
I saw something strange.
like a-- like a scary monster right there.
CHILLY: A scary monster?
I can't look!
No monsters here.
Maybe in the dark.
that chair looks different.
Will you be okay if we turn out
the lights for just a second?
If you must.
I'll hold your hand. Sir Kirby.
Then you won't be so scared!
Ah. m'lady.
One. two. three...
(tense music playing)
(panting)
The monster!
I see it!
Right there!
DOC: No. Look. It's not a monster!
It's just the way the chair
and the jacket look when it's dark.
(gasps) By Jove. you're right!
Remember that time
you thought you saw a bear in the dark?
When we turned on the light.
it was just a pile of dirty clothes.
Which is why
you should clean up your room!
Dad!
DOC: (giggles)
Sir Kirby just needed a little light
to see that there was nothing
to be afraid of.
♪ The lights are out ♪
♪ What was that sound? ♪
♪ It's getting really spooky now ♪
♪ Shadows on the wall ♪
♪ Not sleepy at all ♪
BOTH: ♪ But bedtime is coming
And you'll be fine ♪
DOC: ♪ Hey. Sir Kirby ♪
♪ There's no need to worry ♪
♪ With a switch we'll turn
The whole world bright ♪
♪ We can light the night ♪
♪ That's no monster there ♪
♪ It's just a rocking chair ♪
♪ You see? ♪
♪ No reason to be scared ♪
♪ We can light the night ♪
Sir Kirby is back
and ready for the sleepover party!
ARYANA:
I'm ready for my sleepover party. too!
Yay. Aryana!
CHILLY: Doc. Doc. I need a checkup!
Uh-oh. sounds like they need me
back at the clinic.
Hang on. I'll be right back!
ALL: Okay. See you soon!
-Have fun!
Hey. um. is anyone else still there?
-I'm here!
-Me too!
Me too. too! (laughs)
What fun ideas did you guys
talk about for Doc's party?
We talked about making it a sleepover!
I told her about my birthday party
and all the friends.
cake. and games we had.
Oh. and even a bounce house!
Bouncy houses are so much fun!
We've done that before.
Yeah. and we also talked to Doc
about how she definitely needs balloons!
I love balloons! And birthday parties!
Remember that time
when they almost had a broken toy
at Terence's birthday party?
His toy broke
before he could even open it!
Yes! And Doc and her team worked together
to fix it before the party!
DOC:
♪ There are lots of things happening ♪
LAMBIE:
♪ Strange sounds. funny beeps and dings ♪
BOTH: ♪ In our toy emergency room ♪
HALLIE:
♪ We work fast. no time for chatter ♪
♪ Don't sweat. we'll get to the matter ♪
BOTH:
♪ And get you out of here real soon ♪
ALL: ♪ You've got places to go
And people to see ♪
♪ So the ER's the right spot to be ♪
ALL: ♪ We're gonna stitch you up
And fix you up ♪
♪ Good as new and doing fine ♪
♪ We're gonna get you
To the party on time ♪
-♪ Party on time ♪
-♪ To the party on time ♪
-ALL: ♪ For the big surprise! ♪
Wow. they really saved
the birthday surprise!
Ooh! That gives me
another idea for Doc's party.
What if we give her
a surprise birthday party!
(whispers)
But we have to keep it a secret.
(whispers) Okay! Shhh!
But how do we throw a surprise party?
Does anyone remember
when Doc threw a surprise party
for Hallie?
I do!
Doc and her friends
were trying to decorate the clinic...
But they had to keep it
a secret from Hallie!
If I know that hippo. and I do.
I know there's two things she likes.
parties and surprises.
(gasps) Sounds like we should throw her...
ALL: A surprise party!
-Surprise!
-HALLIE: Oh!
Well if that don't make a hippo happy!
♪ Happy. happy birthday
To our favorite hippo pallie ♪
♪ She's strong and wise ♪
♪ Recognize the one and only Hallie ♪
♪ Let's all celebrate ♪
♪ It's your day ♪
LAMBIE: ♪ To be the belle of the ball ♪
BOTH: ♪ The queen of them all ♪
ALL: ♪ We know how much you care ♪
♪ Sure as syrup. when you need me ♪
♪ I'll be there. oh ♪
ALL: ♪ Happy. happy birthday
To our favorite hippo. Hallie ♪
-HALLIE: ♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
-ALL: ♪ Give a cheer ♪
♪ The gang's all here ♪
-♪ We all love that gal-ly ♪
-HALLIE: ♪ That's me ♪
ALL: ♪ Happy. happy birthday
To our favorite hippo. Hallie ♪
♪ Let's all celebrate ♪
-♪ It's your day ♪
-♪ It's my day ♪
(laughing)
We have one more present for you.
It's your very own nurse's bag.
Oh. I love it! Oh. oh.
I'll never forget this birthday
as long as I live.
Having all of you here
was the best birthday present of all!
(all cheering)
So. are you all thinking
what I'm thinking?
Yes! We're gonna throw
a surprise party for Doc!
-ALL: Shh!
-Sorry.
Quick. while Doc's gone.
everyone grab anything you can
for Doc's party!
Balloons. hats. anything you have handy.
We'll meet back here
and then when Doc comes in.
just hide.
Then on the count of three.
shout. "Happy birthday!"
This is so awesome.
What about them?
Can they come to the surprise party. too?
What do you say?
Wanna help us surprise Doc?
They said yes!
So fun!
The more friends. the better!
(playful music playing)
DOC: Thanks. Chilly! Glad you called me!
(whisper) Here she comes!
Okay! Everyone hide!
Remember. on the count of three.
pop up and shout.
"Surprise! Happy birthday!"
Sorry about that!
Had to take care of a little boo-boo.
So. where were we?
And where are you?
Hello? Anyone?
Where'd they all go? That's weird.
I thought they were going to stay
for the party.
Maybe they forgot...
ARYANA (quietly): One. two. three...
ALL: Surprise! Happy birthday!
(laughing) Whoa!
A surprise party?
Thank you. what an amazing idea!
We just want to give you
the best party ever!
Whoa. what happened?
You said the special phrase!
And you can't have a party
without a special song!
♪ Happy. happy birthday
To our favorite Doc McStuffins! ♪
-♪ Give a cheer ♪
-♪ The gang's all here ♪
♪ And we can't get enough in ♪
♪ Let's all celebrate ♪
♪ It's your day ♪
(giggling)
Yay! That was so good!
Hey. Doc. I thought of one more thing
to make your party even better. Cake!
Great idea. Madison!
But whenever we eat. there's one thing
we should always do first.
Can anyone guess?
ALL: Wash your hands!
DOC: ♪ Wash your hands. wash your hands ♪
♪ Soapy. sudsy. wash your hands ♪
♪ You don't want to pass germs
To your friends ♪
ALL: ♪ Everybody wash your hands ♪
DOC: ♪ Soap and water
You can't go wrong ♪
LAMBIE: ♪ Scrub as long as it takes
To sing this song ♪
STUFFY: ♪ Make them clean
As they can get ♪
ALL: ♪ Now dry them off.
And you're all set ♪
♪ Wash your hands. wash your hands ♪
♪ Scrubbly. bubbly. wash your hands ♪
DOC: ♪ You don't want pass germs
To your friends ♪
LAMBIE: Ew!
ALL: ♪ Everybody wash your hands ♪
DOC: All together now.
That's great!
Now let's get this party started!
(all cheering)
(horn blowing)
DOC: ♪ Hey. it's Doc
And we're here again ♪
♪ Gonna get together with all my friends ♪
♪ Join us and remember when we sang ♪
ALL: ♪ Time for your checkup.
Time for your checkup ♪
DOC: ♪ Lambie. Hallie and Stuffy too ♪
♪ Chilly's here. now we just need you ♪
♪ To start this party and once we do ♪
-♪ We'll be so much better! ♪
-HALLIE: Whoo-hoo!
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ We've got so much to celebrate ♪
♪ Have a happy healthy every day ♪
♪ The toys we've fixed
The pets we've saved ♪
♪ From my backyard to outer space ♪
♪ And now we're back again ♪
♪ The Doc is ten! ♪
DOC: ♪ Hey. I'm Doc and I've got my crew ♪
♪ To mend those boo boos
And ouches too ♪
♪ We'll fix you up
That's all we want to do ♪
♪ Do-do-do. you know it's good for you ♪
DOC: ♪ So many ways to help you heal ♪
♪ From a rescue in the Doc Mobile ♪
♪ To Lambie cuddles
So every kid can feel ♪
ALL: ♪ So much better ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ We've got so much to celebrate ♪
♪ Have a happy. healthy every day ♪
♪ The toys we've fixed
The pets we've saved ♪
♪ From my backyard to outer space ♪
♪ That's where it all began... ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ We've got so much to celebrate ♪
♪ Let's stand up and appreciate ♪
♪ I can't believe we're ten ♪
♪ Thanks to all my friends ♪
♪ So great to be back again ♪
♪ The Doc is ten! ♪
(dog barks)